# CISC3660
Game Programming CISC3660 project

The project for this class was to make a 2D game using the Unity game engine. The game itself had to be a educational game which implemented both design and educational aspects to it. Our game was focused on drug use and education.

The Happiness Crusade is about an Alien from outer space that sees the potential in humanity to become better and advance to a multi-planetary species. Unfortunately, one of the many things that prevent us from doing so is the lack of scientific facts that are being propagated throughout our societies and the willingness to accept new ideas. Drugs have been a long time issue, specifically in America, and the "War on drugs" and social dogma have led us to believe that all drugs are bad and evil. The reality of the situation is that there are so many drugs that are almost identical to those sold on the street, the only difference is that they're backed by large corporations and FDA approved. 
	The goal of "The Happiness Crusade" is to go through the 3 different levels and learn about drugs and their effect from the Alien, and then answer a series of questions by the store clerk. The levels are a work in progress and there is currently no level that has an active quiz. The quizzes will be in a true/false format and the player will answer them based on the information given by the Alien. If they answer correctly, they gain a point and move onto the next question. If they answer incorrectly, they gain no points and they will have to restart the quiz. After answering all the questions correctly in a row, the player will have finished that level. Ideally, the player will have a better understanding of the effects and statistics of alcohol, marijuana, and prescription drugs. After all three levels are finished, the player will have to battle the boss and collect the drug that is backed to be the safest.
